- Quite a few years ago, there was an attack on [[Akros]]. Nobody knows who led the attack or where they came from, but a lot of soldiers fell wounded during the battle. Elysia was sent to the church to help take care of the wounded soldiers with other priests and nuns. But the next night, the doors of the church shuddered, once, twice, before they gave in, and cloaked figures stormed the church. They carried torches with blue flames and gold blades, which they used to kill the soldiers and priests that were there. Elysia watched it happen, whispering prayers to [[Heliod]], but a hand wrapped around her mouth, silencing her, and dragged her out of the church. Though the man had a hood covering his face, Elysia caught a glimpse beneath it and saw his features, long red hair and eyes completely black. A face Elysia would never forget. The man pushed her toward the group of killers and told them to "end her." But before they could draw their blades, a red serpent coiled up Elysia’s arm and slid around her throat. The snake stared intensely at the hooded man, though no words were spoken, or so Elysia thought. Looking back on it years later, she suspected they must have been having a conversation telepathically or something. Either way, the snake sank its fangs into Elysia’s neck, and instead of feeling pain, she felt power. Red light exploded from the wound, literally blasting apart and killing all of the cloaked figures that surrounded her. She watched in horror as the red-haired man [[Pavor]] turned into red specks of dust and faded away. Terrified and unsure what to do, Elysia completely froze and waited, waited for someone to come save her. And someone did.
    

 [[Avrader]] somehow found Elysia, blade in hand, looking horrified at the massacre around the princess. He took her back to the castle, where Elysia was later arrested, suspected of being the one who caused all the chaos in the church and outside of it. [[Ronan]] actually spoke against her, telling the Law Keeper to lock her up, but thankfully, the High Warden had her back, and she was not charged with anything.